foreign
[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
the face podcast my name is Jeff Ramsey
with me as always Andrew Panton from
Canada having free uh from England via
America
and uh this is episode something volume
something or other year whatever uh it's
back I know what whatever the [__] it is
episode 122 year something volume
something else and uh hello boys hi hi
look at that we both did it successfully
that was smooth we got a lot to talk
about today and it's been a while I
wrote notes it's been a minute so I'm
just gonna I'm gonna burn through some
of these notes I'm gonna burn through
some of these notes uh because they uh
it's like housekeeping [__] number one
thing we should well we should be clear
though this isn't monkey morning
and it was never monkey morning it was
monkey lunch but anyway oh sorry uh the
monkey morning that was that was a
previous iteration of this video uh okay
right out of the gate we talked about it
last week uh I think we even put some
photos up the baseballs are coming out
the pre pre-hit autographed in paint uh
face second round of baseballs hit by me
signed by me uh is releasing on the
rooster teeth website on 12 Central P.M
September 30th so that's Friday
September 30th at 12 noon Central Time
prepare to be pissed off
prepare to to be pissed off uh I believe
there are about 200 and some change
from that 205 okay so we got 205
baseballs so uh there you go if you want
one that's how you get one go to the
Rooster Teeth store uh russet.com and uh
uh be there I don't get there at 11 58
get there a little early you never know
well they're gonna be sold out by 11 55
so why are we even celebrating no no
I've been assured we have this fixed it
will go on sale on time uh if you go to
the site and you mark the thing like hey
let me know when this is back it'll send
you a direct link it'll be the fastest
way you're welcome you're welcome
wow can we please bet some whether it
all falls apart uh sure yeah I'm gonna
bet it I bet it goes smoothly yeah I
think it goes smoothly as well I bet it
doesn't I it [__] better go smoothly
all right
uh okay next piece of house cleaning uh
when we ended the last episode we were
very excited to jump into this one
because we were gonna hammer out the
rules and get started on our alphabet
food challenge however uh and we'll get
into this a little bit later as well
because we're supposed to be doing the
monkey movie right now uh we're having
to do back-to-backs today
so it would make no sense for us to
develop the rules and get it all squared
away and then immediately go into
another recording where we can't talk
about it so we'll handle all of that in
episode 123. I apologize I think you
were probably expecting it in 122
because I'm pretty sure we we definitely
said we'd start that it would 100 start
in uh episode 122 but just because of
logistically I think it would be way it
would [__] you guys and US way harder to
figure it all out this week and then
have a whole episode that we we don't
discuss it at all and then go into it so
we'll just skip any alphabet
conversations uh and push those to the
recording that we're gonna do
immediately after this one ends
everybody's okay with that all right
yeah that's fine or so are we gonna
start then on the Monday on next Monday
with that for us not them we'll we'll
discuss that next episode okay Andrew
really wants it to happen in this
episode yeah I don't know the answer but
I know but I don't want to talk about it
right now because I said a little bit
because there's there's no such thing as
a question it you'll open the camera
worms it's a br it's brutal uh I just
I'll you know we'll get into this next
episode too but I just had what I
thought was a simple dinner were there
at the other night and it turned
contentious quickly so uh oh wow I don't
even want to cover I don't want to cover
the alphabet what can we talk about this
episode well I'll tell you the number
one thing I'd like to talk about is why
we're not filming a goddamn monkey movie
again
this is so [__] ludicrous how this I
was trying to figure it out I think each
of us have now been responsible for for
pushing the mvp2 recording at least
twice that was my first push I think I
think that was a second what I'm not
sure about that Andrew definitely shoved
it I did one no I did okay you know
Gavin I've done no I've done it once
I've had one Shuffle I think everybody's
done it I think everybody's done it a
hundred times Gavin you [__] now
you're you're the reason we're not
filming the monkey movie right now uh I
hope you enjoyed your vacation uh it was
lovely I realized that the uh the time I
landed was exactly the time that monkey
lunch started or monkey move
so I'd say British Airways 50 to play oh
God damn dude so the current plan is
that we filmed the monkey movie next
week I think is that right yes
Friday the exact same time as now yeah
so it is on the calendar next Friday
well that means nothing it was on the
calendar for this week too I 100 agree
with you but it's still on the calendar
whatever I have to move something or if
I'm gonna be late or miss a podcast
Eric's like oh no problem sort out
Eric's response this time was Jesus
Christ
it's like I'm just I'm so disgusted by
all of us uh I can't I have zero uh you
wanna talk about a bet let's place a bet
on whether we film the monkey movie next
week or not how about that I I feel way
more no not way more I feel equally
confident on both the sinks I also like
that you're you're leading this charge I
feel like you've pushed the monkey movie
the most Jeff I think I have to but now
I'm telling you everybody has pushed the
monkey movie well I mean I agree totally
I only pushed face I didn't push that's
true so I didn't think I could even take
all I did yesterday was land at the time
we were recording face no you put you
pushed the monkey movie by virtue of you
having to push face
yeah priorities it's it's absolutely
Domino's and you set them off it's a
great way to put it Nick is changing
opinions like the wind right now
that's true and then below it that's
also true
well I will say that the monkey movie
being pushed I think ultimately is a
good thing because it has given me more
time how much time do you need for your
PowerPoint
this is what I'm gonna get into Gavin I
was always very much a leave the
homework until the night before type of
guy and that is continued with MVP uh so
I've been starting I started it assuming
we would be doing it today and I
realized I need way more time to do this
right I could have put something
together but to make it truly right I
needed more time I re-watched the entire
film I got my screen grabs I got
everything kind of organized already how
many screen grabs would you two guess
that I'm MVP one on my first anyway from
MVP one to do this presentation I would
guess and it's in let's say like 86
minute movie I would guess for a solid
presentation at least 20.
at least 20. what about you Jeff
God what's up it's either comically high
or comically low 20 feels like a pretty
say I'm gonna say four you're gonna say
four yeah I'm gonna go the other way
before we had a merch meeting yesterday
and before we started it I said to Eric
I've captured way too many images on
this thing I probably have like a
hundred so then I highlighted them all
to get a specific number I clicked and
dragged I ended up with
227 screen captures for an 86 minute
movie that's like half the frames we
talk about one episode like 20 seconds
and it would be longer than the movie
that's
I said to Eric at this point I just want
to do like one of those Stickman
drawings where like you rapidly you like
spin it and it moves for you like you're
just seeing a physical version of the
film uh I edited it down I reduced it I
went through all of it last night I got
I got my kind of Final Cut I feel there
might be one more minor at it how many
images do you think we ended up with
with the final edit
120 120 50. Jeff is very close 144 we
got 144 images to convey the story of
MVP do you think that might be too long
no I honestly I think I may have cut out
some some aspects of it it was also
interesting because I did it in in
chronological order like I'd watch the
movie and be like oh this is a plot
point I'm gonna capture this and then
realizing like oh there's like three or
four storylines that they start and just
never finish they have no conclusions so
like I don't need any of it we just
pretend it doesn't happen I think I
don't cover two or three of the hockey
games it's uh I I cut where I could but
there's there's a core to this story
that needs to be told so how long is
your presentation gonna be do you think
oh I I don't I don't know I'm gonna try
to keep it under 10 minutes would be my
boo okay and we're we're recording that
as well right for release I believe so
yeah
of the monkey lunch recording I assumed
would be the presentation being
displayed that's great what are you guys
gonna eat for lunch on monkey lunch no
that's tough because bananas obviously a
go-to in that scenario but that's I
don't I don't do that I'm often honest
I'm a little bit stopped up yeah what
happened I just kind of just not pooing
really yeah but you but you just didn't
you just go on vacation outside of
America don't you poo better outside of
America I'll be honest right now right
now I've got food from Italy England and
Texas in me at the same time oh God
not super comfortable are you okay
outside of like are you dealing with is
your stomach sore it doesn't feel like
someone's inflated a balloon in my gut
but uh I fit that's definitely movement
like it's slowly working to working its
way towards the doors have you attempted
to use the sleep apnea machine to fill
yourself with air to maybe push
stuck through yeah almost like you're
plungering yourself I would be genuinely
worried that my stomach would explode
I I was gonna I was gonna go the
medicine route but I like I like
Andrew's idea of repurposing everyday
items to solve this problem
yeah I I made a mistake I've never felt
more human than I have this morning that
is a mistake yeah doesn't happen often
my burger confidence was gone I don't
think I've ever felt more like Icarus
than when you wake up with heartburn I
like I woke up at 6 30 a.m I couldn't
sleep last night I was up a little bit
later than I'd want to be and I was like
I'll have a little snack before bed so I
had two or three pieces of garlic toast
there's some garlic bread it was great
had a great time woke up at 6 30 feeling
like there was a volcano in my chest it
was just terrible terrible heartburn no
Tums no tombs nothing in sight nothing I
could do to relieve it just sitting
there I've never felt more human my
wings are seared my burger confidence
was gone it's terrible so you can feel
human when both of your ankles are
snapped
uh no that's just like an alternate form
I guess I don't know
one eight of of the months of the year
you're on the the injury report with an
ankle injury it's sort of just that's
normal
that's I'd argue the months that I'm not
hurt that's like I'm in super form that
is that is beyond that is another level
of of burger confidence existed so
broken is the standard
broken is the standard so what caused
the heartburn
uh garlic bread garlic and some garlic
bread okay and then immediately went to
sleep so garlic bread will do it to you
huh I guess for me yeah I I didn't I
feel like that's something that has
changed over time red wine gets me
really that's an interesting one yeah
Gavin what do you can you look back to
one meal you think that stopped you up
can you attribute like what do you think
what do you think did the worst damage
to you uh I always get wrecked by
Seafood so I'm gonna say it was the uh
six giant king prawns I had oh that
sounds good can you make a condiment
sauce to go with them because no I
didn't no I didn't okay
foreign
lemon's great Eric said peanut butter
peanut butter backs of Eric that yeah
or is that stops you up it's heartburn
and only sometimes and I don't know why
because I eat I'll eat peanut butter but
then there are times where I have peanut
butter otherwise and it's like oh no and
I'm just like like completely in like
spitting acid
could it be what you're pairing it with
or is it just the peanut no no it's like
it's like a spoonful of peanut butter I
think it's interesting I I don't think I
have a peanut allergy because I eat
peanut butter sometimes and it's fine I
just think that there's just something
sometimes where something gets caught or
hits something wrong and all of a sudden
wow do you ever eat peanuts like Cracker
Jacks or just like roast honey roasted
yeah when typically when you Take Me Out
to the Ball Game uh yeah I will have
I'll have some peanuts but okay um other
than that I think peanuts are pretty
bottom tier how whoa oh
[__] oh [__] now Jeff continue we need
to get into the uh he's right peanuts oh
I know I'm right it's fine they're a
staple nut but they are like they're not
a great nut a great 100 agree they're
they're that's are the are the the nut
it's ignite
Jeff it might be the number one they're
the number one they're the number one
nut in the world what yeah I don't think
that's wrong but it's also not the best
taste you can you can coat them in so
many different things it's a great base
nut yeah I just hope any other nut with
any other thing I just bought you know
what you can't do with other nuts I just
bought a bunch of peanuts to boil
yesterday I'm gonna boil peanuts this
weekend oh that's disgusting yeah that
doesn't sound good yeah that's
absolutely vile so delicious Gavin's had
actually pretty good pretty much good
Jeff made him and they were great bit
weird boiled peanuts man it's a southern
delicacy I'm open to it I don't think
there's anything wrong I think we would
agree that peanuts are like the coke of
nuts like they're by far enough
I just don't think that they're the best
tasting I think I didn't say that they
were the best tasting that's what I
think we're clear that's the the issue I
think we will say the best tasting nut
on three okay oh that's tough that's a
tough
uh we'll do three two one go and I'll go
ready okay okay
three two one yeah oh
cashew is the worst nut
wow
yeah that's a terrible thing get [__]
are you kidding me no I'm not getting
anything macadamia nuts are way better
that's a great nut I think you're
ridiculous can only cashew terrible nut
I was considering pistachio I love a
pistachio the problem with pistachios is
you'll get one in like every I don't
know 87 that is just awful that's rotten
that's the issue of pistachios that's
not a lot of work it's like yeah that's
true well I mean you just buy them buy
them at the store like uh I get like
spicy pistachios that are already like
already shelled and they're [__]
awesome huh uh I do I do agree with you
though Andrew I feel like there has to
be like one pistachio in every bag or
like bunch of pistachios that absorbs
all the bad in it and it just becomes
like the doo-doo pistachio and it takes
all the bad flavor away from the others
it's like the custard yeah we're
speaking of curses that's another thing
we should talk about at some point today
um but listen I don't want to get I
don't want to turn this into an
indictment of nuts I don't want to get
into a whole nut fight I feel like we've
got so much other food stuff to be angry
at each other about uh or to argue about
um but I I do have a question do you
guys talk about heartburn like you have
it a lot is is heartburn a like a
relatively common thing for y'all no
very rare for me I actually I remember
really wanting heartburn as a kid
because then I could use Gaviscon
why why did I don't understand because
of the name taste it's got my entire
name in it it's awesome yeah it's like I
mean this is a realization I had at the
age of about six okay immediately
I just don't understand I guess where my
disconnect is is why does using it make
it cooler I feel like the fact that it
exists is the cool thing I think I just
wanted to have some because there's a
medicine out there that if you take
three letters away it says Gavin why
wouldn't I get it yeah take out the
skull
I get it I just don't think that makes
it cooler but I understand six-year-old
I probably would I used to live I used
to have heartburn and acid reflux uh
every day of my life and uh yeah oh yeah
yeah for for probably 15 years and then
I quit drinking and it went away and I
don't know that I've had heartburn since
I quit drinking alcohol wow like yeah it
was just something I knew and I knew
that was what it was like it was pretty
hard not to not to understand what I was
doing uh but yeah I just like that's why
I asked because I just I forgot about
heartburn until this conversation
because it just hasn't been an issue
since I quit drinking wow that's awesome
yeah sorry to hear you guys are still
plagued by it
Eric's life there I think I'm all right
there you go javiscon have you ever had
Gaviscon did that dream ever happen I
still don't think I'm about it
let me let me ask you a question because
the you posted a picture of Gaviscon and
it says it's mint flavored I assume
that's like the standard flavor what
flavor would you attribute to Gathering
like if you had to pick a signature
flavor for a cabin if you were a
medicine what for what flavor do you
come in
all right are we all gonna make answers
in my head I don't know why this is I'm
gonna have to decode this myself I
immediately went to some combination of
like a fruit like a berry with black
licorice what's the flavor profile that
I'm getting I think that's quite
flattering I'll say that
yeah that is really good I like black
licorice dude
I would take I would take you as
medicine instantly somebody who raped
cashews the number one or the least
number five I'm sorry yeah I'm sorry at
least number one if you get them on the
airplane I'd [__] throw those on the
floor dude
the waste of a nut that's a waste of
itself just yeah that it's just a yeah
it's a pointless
um how about you gav what what do you
think you're mint flavored uh I don't
even know if I could answer I I don't
know why I think I'm too close to it I I
think I think you're tomato based
oh I could see that
that's interesting a tomato bait yeah I
could see that yeah I would have said
maybe some sort of oil
what type of oil like olive oil I see
that feels a little too fancy to me oh
okay olive oil is extravagant iron stuff
Eric what flavor are you what flavor do
I think I am organized no you what
flavor are you I think Gavin is that
bubble gum flavor that you get see there
you go Nick Nick is saying that he's
bubble gum I could see that too but I
think that I like I associate Gavin with
that bubble gum flavor that you get with
like some medicines when you're a kid
um I think I'm like a NyQuil flavor like
you know when you take NyQuil and you go
this is absolutely vile but boy it
really helps you out I feel like that's
sort of like that's well maybe Nyquil
with an ashtray put in it
and someone been ashing their cigarettes
in my Nyquil oh well I'm going to bed
[Laughter]
ashtray Michael
oh
man what about you Jeff oh uh I hadn't
thought about me oh you've got like a
salt flavor to you I think I'm like my
wife just sorry I'm sorry I didn't mean
to interrupt my wife just texted me and
said cinnamon so did you ask her what
flavor you want no she's just in another
room and she just texted me
I think I'm jalapeno flavored I think
I'm like I'm spicy you know just like
some yeah generic spice like like yeah I
could see that yeah like and like like
you like it at first but then you get
too much of it quickly and then you
regret it I feel like that's me see I I
think your jalapeno flavor or like when
something like a like a fast food
restaurant goes like this is our new
Spicy burger and then you eat it and you
go this is not yeah spite this thing
thinks it's really spicy but this is not
as spicy as it thinks that it is it's
like how people people outside of Texas
think Chipotle has spice right but it's
like when you went to Nando's and got
the spiciest
I would say Andrew Andrew's flavor would
be
the plate at the end of a stack of
pancakes
oh
so like like
maple maple-ish
yeah like syrup flavor with
butter butter and stuck to it definitely
butter how do you take your pancakes
Andrew uh typically just some butter
just like a slice of butter on top and
just let it melt into the pancake when
it's hot kind of thing yeah just a
little a little bit of butter on top so
you're like a dry pancake person I guess
yeah well not I mean I need I need some
butter on it can't be completely dry but
I think that's so gross my daughter does
the same thing it drives me nuts I'm
just like it just it's syrup it's just
like [__] sugar man yeah it's a
moisture to it
I don't understand you what are you like
syrup you need a lot of syrup on your
pancakes yeah yeah well it's like butter
makes it wetter than syrup fruit or
whatever oh that's an interesting
I don't think butter makes it wetter
than syrup why would you no because it's
viscous it doesn't feel as wet as
opposed to like clogged I also feel like
it exists I don't I don't know this
could be wrong because I don't use Serve
frequently I feel like syrup kind of
exists on top of the pancake and doesn't
integrate into the pancake like butter
dust it's almost like they're two
separate entities that you're eating at
the same time
I don't think they they mix
syrup and a pancake I will say that
a butter goes further than syrup on a
pancake like if you put a pat of butter
on it and then it like melts into the
pancake you still you still get a lot of
the butter flavor but I feel like syrup
you gotta constantly keep pouring it on
because it just like as soon as it like
dissipates into the pancake it just like
the the flavor's lost it's like this
where was Pancakes on your list Jeff on
my list of what oh it's not even on my
list sorry
but now we're talking about pancakes
what type of syrup do you like Jeff oh
uh I like Mrs butterworths or log cabin
or like whatever I just like are those
Maple are those Maples yeah okay I'll
I'll take any kind of syrup any kind of
sugary syrup I don't care I'm not
particular
they're they're to my knowledge there is
no cashew uh of syrup they're all at a
certain they're all at a level above
like this nut yeah yeah there's
definitely no standard for that got tons
of great choices
[Applause]
now a word from our sponsor betterhelp
I've had times in my life where I've
been trying to problem solve so many
different issues at once it just is
completely overwhelming to take on by
yourself even things that you may
typically be able to sort through
individually it can just be overwhelming
doing so many things and sometimes you
just have issues that occur that you
can't seem to figure out a solution for
it can be tough to train your brain to
stay in problem solving mode when faced
with a challenge in life but when you
learn how to find your own Solutions
there's no better feeling a therapist
can help you become a better Problem
Solver make it easier to accomplish your
goals no matter how big or small
therapy has made such a tremendous
impact in my life it's something I would
recommend to literally everyone I found
for me it it really gave me new insights
into myself as well as discovering
things that I didn't even know were
problems that are
um being able to talk with someone who's
trained and an expert and it can be
sometimes difficult to see beyond
yourself so just having those
conversations
um regardless of what the issue is I
think is so incredibly informative and
helpful and just gives you a base going
forward that you can really build off of
if you're thinking of giving therapy a
try betterhelp is a great option it's
convenient accessible and entirely
online
get matched with a therapist after
filling out a brief survey and switch
therapists anytime
when you want to be a better Problem
Solver therapy can get you there visit
betterhelp.com face today to get 10 off
your first month that's better
h-e-l-p.com slash face
today's episode is sponsored by Honey
the easy way to save When shopping on
your iPhone or computer I loved online
shop that's the primary way I shop I use
it as much as possible
whenever I need to buy anything I hate
having to go to a store for it it's so
much more convenient just do it online
but when I shop online I never know the
promo codes I never have them ready but
thanks to Honey manually searching for
coupon codes is a thing of the past
honey is the free shopping tool that
scours the internet for promo codes and
applies the best one it finds to your
cart now imagine you're shopping on one
of your favorite sites when you check
out the honey button appears and all you
have to do is Click apply coupons wait a
few seconds as honey searches for
coupons it can find for that site if
honey finds a working coupon you'll
watch the prices drop instantly I've
saved money with honey using that kind
of rhyme that didn't rhyme I've saved
money with honey that's great I've saved
on things like Tech clothing food you
name it I've saved in so many different
ways it's so convenient it's just an
easy thing to check even sometimes if
there isn't a coupon that works it's
just it's easy it's so quick and
efficient it's be ridiculous not to use
it honey doesn't just work on desktop it
works on your iPhone too just activate
it on Safari on your phone and save on
the go if you don't already have honey
you can be straight up missing out and
by getting it you'll be doing yourself a
solid and supporting this show I never
recommend something I don't use get
honey for free at joinhoney.com face
quitting smoking is incredibly difficult
even after you've quit trying to curb
those Cravings is also incredibly
challenging I've had people in my family
who smoked and then quit smoking and
just having conversations with them and
hearing about that struggle I have an
understanding of how much of a challenge
it can be and that's why you've got to
check out fume fume is the natural
inhaler designed for a better safer and
natural way to quit cigarettes it's a no
smoke no vape and no nicotine
replacement for the hand and mouth habit
of smoking fume handcrafts wooden
inhalers and uses cores infused with
plant oils studied to curb Cravings they
have flavors like peppermint and Conquer
with minty notes to simulate menthol
cigarettes and other flavors like cozy
chai and lemon berry Bliss for a sweeter
experience and all of their flavors are
100 natural no harmful chemicals no
artificial flavors and absolutely no
nicotine quitting is tough but fume
really can't help they've got thousands
of five-star reviews from smokers who
have tried everything else and this
worked another fantastic thing about
fume is if you're somebody who flies a
lot being able to use fume in the air
and in the airport is a huge difference
maker whether you're a smoker or ex-s
smoker who still struggles with Cravings
fume is the perfect tool for you head to
breathe the fume.com face and use promo
code face to save 10 off your entire
order that's 10 off your entire order
when you head to b r e a t h e f u m.com
slash face and use code face
so what's the next item on your list
where were we at we just did monkey that
was monkey movie right that was yeah
all right oh my God that was monkey
movie uh the next thing we I have on my
list is that we should mention uh that
we have a very special we're still
formulating it but we have a very
special uh live stream coming up we have
discussed it in the past uh I think the
audience at this point knows we're gonna
be selling uh socks uh individually
cursed by Gavin uh at some point and so
we're gonna we're gonna I think on
Halloween on Halloween day it's a Monday
October 31st I think the plan is to do a
live stream where uh where Gavin curses
the socks live while we do some other
Shenanigans and other stuff as well and
we have a really fun way to work Andrew
into it that I I have been doing some
research on and I'm gonna try to build
it here pretty soon uh this contraption
to include Andrew and that we're gonna
have a cursed sock stream
it looks great like everything that
we've talked about it I think is going
to be very funny some of it is covered
in sausage talk which I don't know when
that will come out but that will provide
more insight into all of these ideas
when does sausage talk come out I have
no idea Nick said it should be out today
I'm just gonna say after but by the time
this episode comes out
um it should be out right on the tail of
it I think
um we could we can dial that in but it
should be again you're listening to this
episode so it comes out next week uh for
us recording right now okay cool
um Eric can we also talk about some of
the other uh like because we had a
really good merch meeting yesterday and
can we talk about like the plan for some
of that stuff or is it too early to get
people's hopes up oh [__] I say just go
for it why not all right so this holds
our feet to the fire so let's do it
here's what I'm aware of that we have
coming out uh obviously the the curse
socks I think will go on sale in at or
right after the spooky Halloween cursock
live stream that going to do that I'm
very excited about I think the live
stream might even be a countdown to
selling the socks because obviously we
don't want to sell them until Gavin
curses them
um and then I believe our big black
Friday item uh that I'm very I don't
know why I I do know legs that's awesome
probably the the piece of merch I'm most
excited about in the history of face is
uh the gerbler is going to come out on
October 31st oh I'm sorry can't wait uh
Black Black Friday Black Friday uh and I
think we'll have a gurpler on hand
during the live stream on October 31st
to show as like you know a sample then
on Cyber Monday not to be outdone by the
gurpler on Black Friday Cyber Monday
you didn't think it could be real
you couldn't imagine that we'd actually
make it
but I have it on good authority that on
Cyber Monday we will put the switch [__]
up for sale so uh we actually got the
switch [__] made or it's being made as
we speak and they're gonna they're we're
gonna put it on sale Cyber Monday I hope
it doesn't fall flat on our face because
I will lose a lot of uh a lot of capital
uh in the company if the switch [__]
isn't uh isn't a success because that
one took a little bit of convincing to
get made do we know how many switchflex
have been made
that'd be interesting when they have no
idea I think it was a few hundred but I
really don't I don't remember
understood also you mentioned the uh the
grown tubes hadn't sold I guess that
turned a lot of attention to it sold out
oh yeah I was told that the that maybe
by the time that episode aired they'd
already sold out oh no [__] that's the
worst we suck at that but hey we're
letting people know a full what does
this come out the 29th we're letting
people know two days and one day two
days in advance about these baseballs so
you know they haven't we haven't put
them on sale as of this recording so
that would that can't repeat
um I think that's it there's discussion
about a baseball jersey coming out at
some point I'm not really sure when
that'll be uh that's been kind of
bounced around forever and I think
that's all we have kind of out there in
The Ether right now that I'm aware of
we've been trying to get that vinyl of
episode 16 made for about two years now
it feels like and that's still
I don't know in The Ether somewhere
um am I missing anything I don't think
so no I think that's I think that's the
bulk of it that was quite a good Roundup
it was not to go too deeply into
self-promotion talk but I had kind of a
funny thing happen relating to this show
uh in a sense the other night I watched
the second episode does it do
which I had heard a lot about of Gavin's
fall
and uh the things around it it was it
was like a weekend I think it was
Saturday it was 2 A.M it was very light
and I was like you know I'm gonna
finally watch this I just hadn't seen it
yet for whatever reason and I was
excited to watch I laughed so goddamn
hard at your fall Gavin mainly because I
knew yeah because I knew you were okay
ultimately we had talked post fall and
that it was so self-inflicted that was
entirely your fault and it didn't go the
way you wanted at all so I had a good I
had a good laugh at it I was like man I
really want to watch that impact again
so I I went back and I paused right when
you hit oh and I I died I died of
laughter I was wheezing it's the hardest
I've laughed in a long time and I didn't
want to wake my partner up so I'm trying
to like suppress it and I'm just I'm
just like
like I'm just wheezing and it's I'm so
loud and I can't stop myself I I was
crying there are tears coming down my
face I couldn't stop and I was I'm so
sorry I'm trying to be quiet but just
from looking at this paused oh just
looking I I genuinely laughed without
pause for probably 80 Seconds I couldn't
stop and then I gathered myself and you
I mean just look at the photo it looks
like all of your bones are escaping
through like a magic trap door on the
floor like everything is leaving
everything is gone so then I I unpauseed
it for a second and then re-paused it
and I got this angle and then I just did
started all over again and I couldn't
there is no muffling that oh my goodness
stop laughing you got like an ET arm
you're just you're destroyed you have
wrecked your body in the least
entertaining way visually I've ever seen
there's nothing impressive it was such
you would you did so much damage and
nothing about it looked cool or funny
and you did it yourself and that's what
I think really got me just I remember
that when I go to try and push someone
or talk with someone all I do is bounce
off it's all I've ever done my entire
life I just gotta come to terms with it
the next day I said I'm so sorry I
probably woke you up I couldn't this I
was looking again falling and uh they
were like they said yeah I couldn't tell
if you were laughing or crying like it's
like genuinely extremely upset and once
I I noticed that it was laughter that I
was like that's fine but oh I was a mess
oh it was such a good laugh maybe my
biggest laugh of the Year oh oh I
thought it wasn't being recorded oh it's
great uh it's a great time Eric speaking
of does it do when do we get to make
more of it we only made of October in
the Box oh my God yeah I just had a I
just had a conversation with someone to
make sure that we have space and time in
the uh studio so end of October is what
we're looking at but before the sock
cursing before the saw cursing yes okay
okay it'll just have to be a couple
weeks into October so we can't get
Studio before that so it'll probably
it'll probably come out like episodes
three through eight I think is it is
we'll come out in no November and
December then probably yeah I would
think November December kind of like
round out the year with uh hopefully
Gavin not breaking anything but you know
yeah I gotta say I I'm really bummed
about the incredibly long break between
uh releases but I'm really excited about
recording these next six because I think
we figured a lot out in the first two
episodes and then not to get into the
sausage talk but then we had and I think
we covered this in sausage talk even we
had a really good meeting where we came
up with a lot of really good ideas and I
think we'll be a lot more prepared and I
think because of that there'll be a lot
punchier episodes three through yeah I
agree uh not that the first two were bad
I thought they were great but just
knowing I've been excited to see what's
coming with the outline that we have
would you ever be in one Andrew yeah I'd
be in one I'd have to if I was I was in
the country yeah I'd gladly be him
absolutely I think I would want to bring
my own product though I know that's a
weird demand I feel like I'd want to
surprise you guys with something oh I
like that idea I love it I don't know
what that is yet you won't come to
America until November I would not be an
American until Easter should I be not
making any plans for November why would
you make plans for November well I'm
saying if Andrea is potentially coming I
never said I'd be in America in November
oh I was open to being in America as of
November weren't we all gonna maybe
secretly go to Vegas in November and and
just hang out you're gonna originally so
there's a plan for Vegas and then that
fell through due to no fault of my own
there was a discussion that you guys
would come here in November and then
there was also talks of Vegas in
November as well there have been all
sorts of November talks we should
solidify something I would I would like
us all to breathe the same air in
November of humanly possible yeah I like
that idea a lot I don't think you do
because you didn't say that you would
you were really up for going in November
you just wouldn't go before November I
just said I like the idea though I just
don't believe it previous statements
okay that's fine I'm not gonna [__]
try to change my beliefs to some goddamn
I don't even remember what you said you
tasted like at this point never mind
but I'm not gonna argue over that you
know I'd like to change my answer I
don't think it's a tomato based
[__] I'm not gonna go into a
debate war with I think he tastes like
prawns Gavin oh really maybe like
cocktail sauce
yeah
um but he calls it something else maybe
like a cocktail sauce that isn't a
called a cocktail sauce but actually is
just a cocktail sauce interesting
potentially okay I like cocktail sauce
you definitely taste like a condiment
though
[Laughter]
tots uh
uh I don't know why we need to ruin
today with that talk
uh the next thing I have on my list if
we want to keep keep the ball rolling
because we're running
is uh moving along uh
I have a uh I have right here uh this is
I think a teeing up You Gavin I just
have Eric hypocrite written down and I
don't know why it's just held over from
last time you were gonna play a video
audio or something oh yeah I didn't get
that audio yet wow great great word
all right well we'll push Eric hypocrite
till episode
it would involve listening to face Jam
which I haven't brought myself to be
able to do yet but
yeah right on thanks man
uh I will say we can just go base we can
just confront him based on the comments
okay this is yours this is your show man
this is yeah you're running this yeah
maybe Eric can pluck out what he was
talking about a lot of people in the
comments Eric saying that you you pretty
much went down the route of extra medium
uh understood in a range of day in a
range of days in a month yeah uh in a
range of days there's a beginning
there's a middle and there's an end and
you have a range within them Gavin when
you go to store.reasterteeth.com
um and uh you click on a random shirt
here's one easy allies weakling t-shirt
on the front page just scroll down oh
they have extra small small medium they
have all the sizes up to 4X incredible
that's great oh I wonder what sizes they
are
um oh looking here there's one number
here for medium
okay that's interesting so it's not a
range so it is just a single number and
in order for something to be arranged
like a range of days there would have to
be multiple days to choose from but what
I'm looking at is just a single number
that says chess 20 inches
um I mean that's that's range within an
inch you're you're saying that what you
asked me for when you asked for an extra
medium was getting down to
quarter inches
uh if there's no range Eric the next for
medium would be 20. no that's me you got
me
blah blah
yeah because you wanted something
so what were you saying about the dates
that so the beginning of the month is
like the first or the 10th the middle of
the month is like the 11th through the
20th and the end of the month is like
the 21st through the 30th or the 31st
however that sort of it ranges out
because there's a range of dates there
and the 15th would be medium 20 inches
medium 20 inch one number looking at one
number here that's just awesome that's
that has been ranges within medium there
has been ranges within medium well
that's what Tony said there has been
ranges within medium when I'm I'm on our
story but what you've proven with the
date thing is that you've you uh you
deep at a deep level at core level
stand the concept of extra media no no I
understand the concept of ranges
yeah and what you're expressing is not
the most medium which doesn't exist
because it's not arranged what you've
what you've asked for
it's a size is this the fifth time we've
had this argument I think it's
I'm not having the argument I'm just I'm
simply stating a fact and you're arguing
and so I mean that's just sort of how it
goes it's really incredible how many
people have come out it's great I was
talking to Jeff about this the other
night at dinner
um oh yeah let's talk about this dinner
we'll get into it next episode there you
go the the thing the thing I really like
is the hubris of people making topics
going I'm here to settle the debate and
then they have an opinion and then it's
88 comments
the one the ideal the idea that they're
sitting at home going guys I've got just
the thing that's gonna get everyone on
the same page and it doesn't buy a mine
I think that's been my favorite part of
the whole thing that and being right
have been my favorite parts of the whole
thing
can I ask you a hard-hitting question
Gavin yeah what does extra medium taste
like
um pepper it tastes like salt
[Applause]
[Music]
somewhere between salt pepper and
[__] one of one of those three
things
should be salt pepper and [__]
[Laughter]
oh
I am so mystified that extra medium has
has had the life that it's had like we
were discussing this the other day uh
it feels like next to the comment lever
versus regulation listener discussion
probably the most disgust thing in the
history of face at this point yeah yeah
and we talk about that in uh sausage
talk oh yeah I guess we do well it's
continued it's gotten even like crazier
and I still I like you know you want to
find like funny ways to to turn the bit
into I don't know I don't know some
silly piece of merger like some way to
to to to to elevate this but I for the
life of me can't figure out how to turn
extra medium into something that people
would want to own well I don't think we
have to yeah I don't think we have I
guess we won't then yeah I mean it's in
the store now I guess that I guess
they're getting every time every time
they buy an extra medium shirt they're
buying an extra medium fish shirt yeah
and I think on the on the actual shirts
they'll be printed that way eventually
that's yeah we should do what happens
insane insane
[Music]
I have a travel story hold on a second
I'm taking Eric hypocrite off is that
right thanks man yeah you can go ahead
and erase that thanks boss what's your
travel story Gap uh is your list done
yeah well I mean I got I I just have
pastrami but we can get into that
whatever oh no that's way more important
no yeah no no no well we'll end on
pastrami tell your travel story okay all
right I was in the airport a little
family vacation talking grandparents
siblings cousins the lot got everyone
going back to where we're all from in
Italy
and um we're just waiting to board the
plane and
someone is talking I'm not gonna mention
who this is because I don't want to like
say exactly who is responsible for the
story someone in my family talking to me
about House of the Dragon oh yeah it's
pretty good they were like oh yeah I
really like the main guy I was like oh
yeah Paddy uh Paddy concertin I like
that guy he's been a lot of stuff but he
had been like born ultimatum and uh
great and Hot Fuzz is one of the Andes
uh The World's End all that all that all
the egg right stuff I [__] you not over
almost 30 seconds after I just said that
Edgar Wright the director of Hot Fuzz
and uh the World's End and Sean of the
dead and all that all that good stuff
that I love just strolled through the uh
little boarding area for this flight and
sat down and I was like Jesus Christ but
I was like oh God
it's freaking Edgar Wright that's
amazing and I didn't want to go up to
him and say hi or anything because you
know he's traveling he's probably
working didn't want to be weird and
annoying were you in America England or
Italy at this time this was in England
okay this is a Heathrow Airport all
right thanks sorry I didn't I just
didn't I didn't want to make a fool of
myself uh but I was kind of amazed that
that just happened and then I kept
getting put in situations where I ended
up like right next to him and I was like
oh this would actually be a great
opportunity to be like oh you know a big
fan and all that I haven't worked on hot
fuss for a day could have said that he's
used Phantoms I use Phantom I'm sure we
could have had a decent conversation but
I didn't want to do it the family member
one of the family of episodes with is
potty training their kid
um and they're trying to get them to go
to the bog in real bogs and uh not piss
a nappy so they got this little like
travel potty thing that folds out on the
floor
and for like for that last hour they're
trying to get him to pee in this thing
trying to like sneak him into a corner
but he just wouldn't go in it and then
right as we boarded the plane he was
able to successfully pee in this little
pie got on the plane
um
I was I was probably in row like 14 or
something
Edgar went further back he sort of sat
around the area with my family back
there uh we get off the plane and I end
up right next to Edgar right again on
where we get bust to the airport you're
going to and it's I want to say the
exact airport that it would be on a
dox's trip but we're on the bus he was a
little bit behind me and then the doors
to the bus opened except my door got
stuck shut so he was in the line of
people going out the door that opened
and by the time he got to me I'd just
been letting people off because I
couldn't get through my broken door and
he got to me and was like oh yeah you
you go next you've been waited ages I
was like oh he's a really nice guy
that's great oh I really want to talk to
him I didn't do it and then I met her
with my family member who has a kid who
said uh had an absolute Nightmare on the
plane
absolute nightmare I was like oh
laughing like well uh we got the kid to
uh pee in the in the party but we have
time to empty it and it was like this
little sealed plastic potty
that you can like strap shut and they
were like oh we're on the plane and uh
realized that pressure has a huge impact
on sealed containers they put it in the
overhead bin
and all the piss had shot out the potty
I'd slid all the way down the overhead
bin and was Dripping on basically one
entire side of the plane in the back of
the plane
but I was like oh [__] I'm sorry did you
did he piss on that guy's head
apparently a bunch of people was landing
on like their backs and stuff oh no
no but um I couldn't get them to I they
didn't really notice edgaray or know
what he looked like so
I don't know there's a very uh there's a
very high possibility
that one of my family members
two-year-old family members is pissed on
at Great's head I really hope he wasn't
sat below that because I think by the
sounds of it went on about five
different people's shoulders
Anna if Edgar if you're listening I hope
that I hope you knew nothing of that
um and I'm a big fan
sorry if that happened
on behalf of my family
we are
directors
that's director number two they're
potentially in our bad books
then we're traveling we got in a cab and
we're traveling up this mountain path
where we were going it's basically on
the top of the it's like hundreds of
feet above sea level and uh I'm sat in
the little mini cab and all I hear
coming from the back seat is
and I'm like yelling to the family
member again I'm like by the way after
all this piss exploded at the top of the
plane did you empty it and I'm like well
you know it mostly got emptied uh what's
wrong with your family what is wrong it
was still spewing out in the back of the
minicab all over all the luggage as we
were like slowly driving up it was kind
of like spurred I was like get this
[__] of it get the pee away from us
what are they doing
in that toilet that little mini party
got pressurized twice
[Music]
damn it I mean this respectfully those
people suck they stink what are they
doing
like I understand but they didn't have
kids no if your kid pisses in his party
they're potty training if he's going to
the party and they don't have time to
empty it and they're boarding a plane
what are you gonna do oh yeah are there
no [__] toilets on the plane
to do is that we'll get this plate of
the air and then dump the pee out oh no
you don't there's no way you just you
you tell somebody everybody is okay with
you emptying the piss [__] toilet
thing you just say hey this is filled
with pee can I drain this real quick
I crazy as someone who successfully
potty trained a kid uh in this case my
daughter uh I can confidently say I
never got her piss or [__] on anyone
like that I gotta go with Andrew that
your family who I I love dearly
especially your grandparents and your
mom I think I just I think the world of
them but the rest of your family if it
wasn't those three are disgusting just
yeah apparently when it started dripping
on everyone everyone was like making a
fuss and like get it up and then the
flight attendant came over
and was like uh whose container is this
and my family was like oh that size
because it opened and uh the flight
attendant was like yep what's in it
oh and my family member was like you're
not gonna like this
but it's pink
clothing I think uh half my family was
dying from embarrassment oh my God I
couldn't believe that like I don't know
what I would have done if I was in that
position I think I would have just had
to curl up
I I couldn't handle that level of
embarrassment
I I don't yeah I don't I don't
understand there's so many things you
know I don't
it's not even that those family members
are gross they're just completely
incompetent right that's I don't
understand that is any of the choices
dictionary definition of inept like yes
that just like the icing on the cake is
that they still carried the piss around
with them to the cat that's right like
at Double point do you like get this
thing as far the [__] away from me and
my family as possible I would put so
much this distance between myself and
that child toilet like oh my god dude
that would be like all right well lesson
learned here this is not a travel time
oh
do it twice at sea level
you know what no you're right you're
right Jeff this has changed my opinion
the first time incompetence the second
time psychotic psychotic this is this is
a lot expected it to happen on on the
ground they didn't expect it to happen
once once it's already happened when you
didn't expect it it's yeah all rules go
out the window you can no longer trust
your read on the situation I think you
are an incredibly decent human being uh
one of the best uh in my life and I
think you must have sapped all of that
out of your family like you must have
taken all the good conscientious polite
all of that element of your British
Society you got it all and you just you
left them with just like American ethics
and morals oh man and I would say I
would say Edgar Wright is my favorite
director well I wouldn't say that right
now if I were you after you after your
family just pissed all over him I really
hope it didn't go on him
I need to know you know what my favorite
part of that story is I am no longer the
definitive piss boy of this podcast that
is that the title has been claimed
that's gone that's done for me I can't
have that
yeah he's right two-year-old has that
that's that's off my record now
it's a great day for me congratulations
thank you I will say
I was gonna mention this earlier when I
asked you what country you were in at
the time uh because I thought it was uh
but then the story just kept going and
kept going and kept going but uh I will
say there's a there's because Edgar
Wright is British you're British right
yeah and this happened in England
irrespective of you of your family
dousing Edgar Wright in urine uh
it's we should test this next time you
or we are in England you might have like
on home soil you might have enough like
gravitas or success or whatever it is
you might be able to summon certain
celebrities to you
this could be a skill you have there's
nothing I want more in the world than to
be in a place with Gavin and Edgar
Wright and to be able to reveal that hey
remember that time you got pissed on on
that plane he's kind of responsible this
guy right here do you blood Road do you
know do you know anybody who knows Edgar
Wright like does Buckley or anybody know
Edgar Wright that could find out hey did
you get pissed on on a plane recently no
I mean I damn I'm sure yeah do that
hey I'm just wondering if a member of my
family may have peed on you recently oh
please
we need to know we need definitive
answers an attempt needs to be made
I I could not have been more embarrassed
Through Blood it was I just because as
as I was being told the story I was like
oh no I know and then I was just like oh
no
oh god oh that's so good was Meg around
for this she was sat with me she heard
about the story afterwards I would love
to I gotta go to dinner with y'all soon
so I can hear her side of this oh man I
bet her her insights are going to be
fantastic I can't wait
[Laughter]
oh I'm tired after listening to that
story
um that wore me out I'm so happy Gavin
that's oh my God you guys realize this
is gonna be the next we've already I
think I identified him but this will be
season two of face animated right
regulation animation oh absolutely 100
peeing out Edgar right it was it's
hearing the story because I had the
story in the airport and we're all sort
of still in the airport but I was still
weighing up like I'm not gonna have am I
gonna like work up the confidence to
just say hi tech you're right and after
I had that store I was like I'm gonna
let Edgar Wright leave and I hope
we don't cross paths in this way ever
again oh that is brilliant that might be
the best story ever told on this podcast
Kevin that was a great story I don't
think it was the best but it was it was
significant I don't know dude it's up
there for sure I agree with Nick it's up
there I was I had just put at about for
about five solid minutes I just had to
have my I just put my head down on my
table and just giggled into my arms and
was useless I couldn't do anything but
laugh uncontrollably
oh
I'll be honest I'm excited I don't want
to tell sorry what are you excited about
Andrew I was gonna say I'm excited
because I feel like we're all happy
right now and based off of what you said
the next episode is going to be very
contentious I'm trying to live in this
moment yeah yeah maybe we should live in
let me Revel in this moment what I was
going to say is I'll be honest I think
my pastrami story is going to be a huge
letdown after that so I don't know
what
that was kind of mean Gavin
you should have closed with that you
should have let me try I just should
have he tried I figured next next time
would be all about the food challenge
that's fair do we want to do pastrami to
open I'll open we'll open with pastrami
it's a really it's a non of it I mean
next to that I'm excited I have
questions okay I feel like this opens
all sorts of doors for you food wise I
need information thank you for listening
to another episode probably what's gonna
go down is one of my favorites of all
time because of the last 12 minutes or
so episode of Face uh really appreciate
the support uh if you're gonna pee in
public do it in a toilet and if you do
it in a toilet don't put that toilet
above your head and uh go ahead and rate
the review if you feel like it
keep your urine to yourself thanks
hey guys Major League fan Jack here with
a look at next week's episode of Face
Jeff revisits the p word let's get
specific on letter food rules G for
Gavin pen gets incredibly lucky Jeff is
incredibly unlucky is there any way to
play Halo co-op and once again Andrew
does not eat the pencil all that and
more on next week's episode of Face
[Music]
thank you